## 2025-02-17: Acquire Data Milestone 
### Data Wrangling
  The datasets that we have include data about different airlines and ticket pricing. So far, we have created a map that visualizes the routes that flights take in the US with airports at the nodes. We have an additional table that contains airport codes, longitude and latitude, and other information about specific airports. This table has been joined with our other datasets to add to the information that we already have gathered. This was necessary to help build the map and will continue to be useful during our other modeling processes. We haven’t really encountered any serious roadblocks with the data. The only problem is that the data is not super current, but we are working with the data that we have. Another potential issue is the fact that our US routes dataset doesn’t have specific dates for the flights; it only has year and quarter. This will potentially make price prediction difficult for specific flights on specific days. 

### Project Goals
  Our project is to develop a data-driven dashboard that provides insights into flight pricing and routes. We seek to address questions such as: What are the most frequent routes? and How do flight prices fluctuate over time? The dashboard will feature an interactive map that displays flight routes and has nodes representing the airports, with their sizes indicating the traffic volume and colors indicating the average flight fares. Other than that, we will include various charts to visualize pricing trends over the years and across different airports. We are also planning to use some machine learning models for future price predictions.

### Technology Plan
  For our project we are using R for the back-end and Shiny for the front-end and dashboard creation. We are using Leaflet for interactive maps and graphs. We are using CSV files for our data, meaning we do not need to use SQL.

### Team Evaluation
  Our team is doing really well working together to accomplish our goals. We already have a minimum viable dashboard up and running. We are ahead of the milestone schedule that the class planned out. One obstacle that might prevent us from meeting future goals is class absence. We have typically had at least one person missing class each day so that definitely slows down progress a bit as we have to work without them and catch them up when they return. However, this obstacle can be worked around by staying active in the team group chat. We can send messages each class outlining what was accomplished in class that day and any objectives that need to be completed before the next class. This way, team members can stay up to date on how the project is progressing. 
